So next, we're going to be walking through the process of
configuring autoscaling for a SageMaker‑hosted endpoint.
So here within this demo, we'll first be defining an
autoscaling policy for a production variant.
And then ultimately,
we will be applying that policy to the endpoint from within the console.
So let's dive in.
So here I have an endpoint, and it's the same endpoint that
we previously configured earlier within this course. And I'm
going to select the endpoint.
And if I scroll down,
we're going to see that we actually have multiple production
variants configured for this particular endpoint.
In this case, we have two variants.
The first has the name of Model1. The second has the name of Model2. And
we have some slight hyperparameter differences between these two models
that are referenced in each production variant.
Now, at this point, we're going to be configuring autoscaling.
Now you're going to configure autoscaling on a specific production variant.
So in this case, I'm going to select Model1 as an example,
and from here, I'm going to go to Configure auto scaling.
I'll scroll to the top here, and it's first going to have us
specify a minimum and maximum number of instances.
Right now, we have it set at one for each.
So even if we were to add in an autoscaling policy,
it would never scale because we're currently at the maximum number.
So let's say that we want to set this to be 10.
So what this means is we could start off with one
instance and then, depending on user demand,
scale up to 10 instances.
And again, this is for this one production variant.
So from here, I'm going to scroll down, and here we get to the scaling policy.
Now the target metric has already been set,
and this is SageMakerVariantInvocationsPerInstance.
And as I mentioned earlier,
this is the metric I would recommend unless you know your
environment well enough to know another metric that you
would be better suited to leverage.
Now as a reminder,
this metric tells us the average number of times per minute
that each instance within our endpoint for this specific
production variant has been invoked.
So let's say we want to set the target value here at 70. Now
what that means is if we get above this value,
so if each of the instances within a minute are being
invoked on average more than 70 times,
we could choose to have a scaling event. So this would increase
the number of instances that we have. Now we also have the
ability here to specify a cooldown period for both scale out, and
that's when we add instances,
but also for scale in, and that's when we remove
instances when demand decreases.
Sometimes, we want to wait for things to normalize when we
scale before we initiate another scaling event,
and that's what the cool down enables you to do.
So as an example, right now we have cool down set to 300 seconds.
So once we add a new instance,
we're going to wait 5 minutes before we consider adding another one.
You also have the option here to disable scale in. So if
you simply want to grow with user demand,
but you want to manually handle the process of decreasing instances,
you can select this option for disable scale in. Now I'm going to
deselect that. And once I have this in place,
I'm going to hit Save.
And now we can see that we have configured automatic scaling for
our variant Model1. And so through this process,
we've configured it to be able to launch new instances if
we have more than 70 invocations on average per minute across each of our instances.